Two-Tier Client-Server Application Development With MySQL and JDBC
==================================================================
`Sunday October 21st by 11:55 pm`

To develop a two-tier Java based client-server application interacting with a MySQL database utilizing JDBC for the connectivity. This project is designed to give you some experience using the various features of JDBC and its interaction with a MySQL Server environment.

Description
-----------
You are to develop a Java application that will allow any client (the end-user) to execute commands against the database. You will create a Java GUI-based application front-end that will accept any MySQL DDL or DML command, pass this through a JDBC connection to the MySQL databaseserver, execute the statement and return the results to theclient. Note that while technically your application must be able to handle any DDL or DML command, we won’t actually use all of the commands available in these sublanguages.  For one thing, it would be quite rare to allow a client to create a database or a table within a database. Note too, that the only DML command that uses the executeQuery() method of JDBC is the Select command, all other DML and DDL commands utilize executeUpdate(). Some screen shots of what your Java GUI front-end should look like are shown below. Basically, this GUI is an extension of the GUI that was developed in the lecture notes and is available on the code page as DisplayQueryResults.java. Your Java application must give the user the ability to execute any SQL DDL or DML command for which the user has the correct permissions. Note also, that if the user wishes to change databases in the middle of a session they must reconnect to the new database. Their user information can remain in the proper window, but you must click the reconnect button to establish a connection to the new database. You do not need to support simultaneous connections  from your application  to more than one database in this assignment. However, you will be able to start multiple instances of your Java application and allow different clients to connect simultaneously to the MySQL server, since we have set the database server up to allow up to 5 concurrent connections.Once you’ve created your application, you will execute a sequence of DML and DDL commands and illustrate the output from each in your GUI. For this project we will assume that the only client is the root user. Since the root user is assumed to have all permissions on the database, any command they issue will be executed.
